Detective: Max Caulfield
A determined detective from Seattle with a keen for uncovering the truth. She's faced with a complex case that challenges her morally and professionally. Win condition: Successfully voted out the true murderer.

Hey, I'm Max Caulfield. Recently, I moved back to Arcadia Bay from Seattle to start my gig as a detective intern. Arcadia Bay isn't new to me, though; I was born here and went to Blackwell Academy back in the day. My childhood was pretty awesome here, filled with good times and my once-best friend, Chloe Price.

On September 14th, I got pulled into this case - Mr. Jefferson, a teacher at the school, had vanished. Last seen at the school two days ago, and with the critical first 48 hours missed, chances were he might've met with foul play. Digging into the case, I found out Jefferson was involved with selecting students for a photography contest at school, which meant he was pretty close with some of them. He was this special photography teacher hired this year, so not many of the other teachers knew him well. My plan? To start questioning his students, Victoria Chase and Rachel Amber.

Victoria had this beef with Jefferson because he wasn't impressed with her work and might've pulled her contest entry. From what I've gathered, Victoria's a big deal in the Vortex Club at Blackwell, kind of a golden girl with a high GPA and a lot of sway. She idolizes Jefferson, even has his artwork in her room, and tries to get his attention for her work. There's also this flyer in her room about a show at the Bean Hip Cafe that Jefferson was a part of.

Next up was Rachel Amber. But on my way to her dorm, I ran into Chloe - my childhood BFF. It was wild, she caught me up on all the school and Arcadia Bay gossip. Hearing I was looking for Rachel, Chloe told me they were tight, had done some drama performances together. Even though it's kinda bending the rules, I thought having Chloe there might make Rachel less edgy during questioning. So, I invited Chloe to come along to Rachel's dorm.

It's all pretty intense, diving back into Arcadia Bay and Blackwell, stirring up old memories and facing this twisted case head-on. But, hey, that's life as a detective intern for you, right? Gotta follow those leads wherever they take you.
