I'm Max Caulfield, a photography teacher at Blackwell Academy. In fact, I myself graduated from this academy located in Arcadia Bay, and I've been teaching here for about three months now. Actually, I wasn't originally a student at this academy. My story starts with a pretty heartbreaking event just as I was about to graduate high school.


I was born in Arcadia Bay. After my parents divorced, I lived with my father, who later remarried a woman who also had a child. Thus, we formed a new family, and I quickly became close friends with that child, who lacked playmates just like me.


Her name is Taylor, a bit older than me, kind of like my sister. We were always together—eating, sleeping, playing those childish games. Her presence brought many colors to my life. I loved her just as she loved me. Although she was not much older, she always took care of me, protected me, and brought me a lot of happiness. 


Taylor got into Blackwell Academy, while I went to a different school. Even though we saw less of each other, I never worried about us drifting apart. But then, things changed. Taylor stopped keeping in touch as much, and something felt off. So, one day, I went to Blackwell to see her.


She seemed happy but also kind of fake happy, you know? I tried to find out what was wrong, and she just shrugged it off, saying she was tired from her coursework, but I could clearly see the sadness in her eyes. I knew no matter how much I asked, she would never tell me. She was always like that, bearing everything alone, not wanting me to worry.  I had to leave because of some stuff my mentor needed me for, but I planned to return, I never imagined that would be the last time I saw her.


The next day after I returned, I received the dreadful news—Taylor had committed suicide. It was hard to accept, but I had to face it when I saw her cold body—my sister was dead. After the shock, I dug through her stuff and found a photo of her with a guy, but his face was cut out, as if telling something. Who was this man? Why did Taylor cut him out? What really happened? So many questions accumulated in my heart, and I knew I wouldn't be happy for the rest of my life if I couldn't clear all this up.


So, I transferred from my original institution to Blackwell Academy. Considering conspiracy theories, I began to secretly probe the truth of everything, and soon I had some leads. Turns out, that guy was likely her boyfriend, Jefferson—a big shot photographer, and Taylor also happened to love photography. Initially, their relationship was good, but a month before Taylor's death, they had some arguments, the specific reasons unknown to anyone. Taylor also mentioned it to people, but since then, she became quiet and often seemed out of it.


My intuition told me that all this was definitely directly related to Jefferson. Then one night, I heard him on a phone bragging about how everyone thought Taylor’s death was a suicide but it was him who did it.


Back at the academy, I covered myself with a blanket and cried bitterly. My poor sister had been murdered, and the killer was still at large. No, this wasn't fair! I had to avenge her! Once I calmed down, I started to think carefully. So, there I was, planning my revenge. I graduated, stayed on as a teacher to set my trap. When Jefferson finally showed up at Blackwell, he was all popular, and some students even ditched my class for his. No big deal—I wasn’t really there to teach.


I played it cool, acted like a fan, got on his good side. He needed a studio, so I set him up in a rental house, making him think it was all safe and cozy. Perfect setup for my revenge. I made sure to keep tabs on him, and when the time was right, I was ready to strike.


Good, my plan was about to be accomplished. Before taking action, just to be safe, I specifically investigated Jefferson's social relationships after he came to the academy. Besides being popular among the students, he seemed to also have a good relationship with my former student Chloe, but these didn't affect my plan, so I decided to act in the next two days.


On the evening of September 12th, at 19:50, I prepared everything and left home. Unexpectedly, just after I stepped out, around 20:00, I ran into Rachel, one of my former students. She seemed freaked out, kind of like she was just running away from Jefferson's studio.  I asked her what she was up to, and she was all, "Oh, just walking around." But she was acting all sketchy, hiding her hands behind her back. I didn't push too hard with questions because I had my own stuff to handle, so she just took off. Weird, right? But I had to keep moving, so I headed towards Jefferson’s studio.


At 20:10, I arrived at the studio and the door was slightly open. I rang the doorbell but got no response. Was he not home?  I walked in and it was super dark except for a desk lamp on in the bedroom, but no sign of Jefferson. Just as I was about to leave disappointed, Jefferson emerged from underneath the floor, his movements was slow, struggling to get to the surface. 


Then, he sat on the ground, bending over as if doing something. He didn't see me, so I slipped on my gloves, grabbed the baseball bat I brought, and whacked him on the back of the head. He dropped, to make sure he was completely dead, I hit him several more times until I was sure he was no longer breathing.


It was now 20:20. That's when I realized what Jefferson had been doing—there was a small door under one of the floorboards in the bedroom. He must have been locking it. I shone a flashlight down. It was a small basement, apparently something he had constructed, and the latch lock (it typically consists of a movable metal bar or bolt that can be slid into a fixed part on the door frame to prevent the door from being opened from the outside) on the small door was the same type I had planned to use on a window to create a large hidden room. Since Jefferson had already prepared a better grave for himself, I didn't mind fulfilling his wish.


At 20:30, I placed the basement key Jefferson had been holding into his trouser pocket and threw his body down there. Then I went to the studio's kitchen, opened the refrigerator, took out a small piece of ice, and drilled a small hole in it with the drill I had prepared. I then stuffed the bolt iron rod into the small hole in the ice, so the rod was fitted with an ice block. I sawed two notches on the opposite side of the bolt's hole and fitted the prepared elastic band into the notches to prevent it from slipping off. One end of the elastic was fitted around the notches, and the other around the handle of the small iron rod. 


Under the tension of the elastic, the rod naturally contracted towards the direction of the lock hole. However, since there was an ice block on the side of the rod near the lock hole, the rod could not yet insert into the lock hole. After all this, I gently lowered the basement door and pushed the ice block to close the small door, waiting for the ice to melt completely. The bolt iron rod would then, under the elastic's tension, insert into the lock hole, and the elastic would relax and fall into the basement, thus creating a hidden room. I couldn't help but feel a bit proud of it.


By 21:00, I suddenly heard someone ringing the doorbell outside the studio, seemingly getting no response and then shouting.
"Mr. Jefferson, are you there?!" It was a man's voice.
"Are you busy? I need to speak with you, I'm coming in!"
To avoid being discovered, I quickly gathered the items I had brought, turned off the bedroom light, and hurriedly escaped through the studio kitchen window.


Fortunately, I wasn't noticed, but when I looked back at the studio, I saw a shadow lurking around, unsure what they were doing. It was already about 21:05. After a busy night, I felt somewhat tired.


Oh well, it's no longer my concern. The plan was successful, and perhaps the arrival of others might even lessen the suspicion on me.

Sister, this was all for you. Hope you can see it.


Click to share your clues, you need to share five clues this round to proceed, this means you can choose to hide one clue and don't click on it. Prepare yourself for the chat once you have finished.


Personal Task:
Please use reasoning to identify the real murderer. If it is yourself, make sure to conceal your actions as much as possible, or expose yourself or fabricate some information at the appropriate time to clear your suspicion and avoid being voted out; if not, you should also try to hide any actions that exceed legal boundaries, but finding the murderer is the most important. Please weigh your standards accordingly and identify and vote out the murderer.


Public Task:
Restore the whole truth of the murder.

